[splash] create splash screen black screen fyi (#33)
expo/fyi: black-screen-before-splash.md

# Why does my app launch with a black screen on iOS?

Sometimes you might encounter a black screen before your launch screen on iOS. While this can be annoying, it usually boils down to a few possible issues that are easy to debug and resolve! 

> **Note:** The absolute best way to setup your splash screen is to use the `@expo/configure-splash-screen` package like so: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The easiest way to set up your splash screen is to use the `@expo/configure-splash-screen` package like so: 
```

setup is noun, set up is verb

```bash
yarn expo-splash-screen -p ios -i splash.png -b "#ffffff"
```

> ### 1. Xcode + Simulator is being buggy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Your device or simulator is caching the previously configured splash screen
```

is this the case you had in mind here?

Author: yes lol

> If you've manually added your own splash image to `Images.xcassets`, then you might need to restart your simulator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've manually added your own splash image to `Images.xcassets`, then you might need to restart your simulator or device. 
```

> ### 2. There might be something wrong with your asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. The provided asset may be invalid
```

If you never see your splash screen image i.e the app launch transitions from black screen to your app, then there might be a problem with your image.

> This could be a number of different issues - a quick look at StackOverflow shows a ton of different solutions you might could try: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63978396/launch-screen-not-working-on-ios-14-with-xcode-12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could be a number of different issues, [this StackOverflow thread](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63978396/launch-screen-not-working-on-ios-14-with-xcode-12) outlines a number of possibly solutions.
```
